STCOM-827 Pagination Component (#1543)
folio-org/stripes-components: lib/Pagination/readme.md

# Pagination
The Pagination component is used for nagivation between pages of a list of results.

> We use [react-paginate](https://github.com/AdeleD/react-paginate) under the hood, more detail can be found at their we expose their API along with a few useful props.

Reviewer: Found `their` used twice. Feel free to change to how you think is better.
```suggestion
We use [react-paginate](https://github.com/AdeleD/react-paginate) under the hood, more detail can be found in their documentation. We expose their API along with a few useful props.
```

Author: Thanks @ViktorSoroka07 !
